Fixed #34483 -- Fixed timesince()/timeuntil() with timezone-aware dates and interval less than 1 day. (#16756)
django/django: docs/releases/4.2.1.txt

* Fixed a regression in Django 4.2 where creating copies and deep copies of
  ``HttpRequest``, ``HttpResponse``, and their subclasses didn't always work
  correctly (:ticket:`34482`, :ticket:`34484`).

> * Fixed a regression in Django 4.2 where ``timesince()`` would return incorrect

Reviewer: `timeuntil` is also affected:

_"Fixed a regression in Django 4.2 where ``timesince`` and ``timeuntil`` template filters would ..."_

> * Fixed a regression in Django 4.2 where ``timesince()`` would return incorrect
>   results for a datetime using a non-UTC timezone and whose time difference
>   with the current time is within the day (:ticket:`34483`).

Reviewer: Small rewording suggestion:
```suggestion
* Fixed a regression in Django 4.2 where ``timesince`` and ``timeuntil``
  template filters returned incorrect results for a datetime with a non-UTC
  timezone when a time difference is less than 1 day (:ticket:`34483`).
```

Author: Applied.
